Narrator: PREVIOUSLY
ON "YU-GI-OH..."
Man: SETO, OBEY
YOUR DESTINY
AND STAND BY MY SIDE,
SO WE MAY RULE EGYPT
AS FATHER AND SON!
PERHAPS HE'S RIGHT.
I SHOULD RULE.
I THINK IT'S ABOUT TIME
I ADDED ANOTHER LITTLE
TWIST TO THIS GAME OF OURS.
[GRUNTING]
WHAT'S GOING ON!?
[GROANING]
[LAUGHTER]
[SCREAMING]
YOUR FRIENDS ARE
DOING MUCH BETTER
THAN I HAD EVER EXPECTED.
THEY'RE CLOSE TO UNCOVERING
YOUR ANCIENT NAME.
AND SINCE WE'RE
APPROACHING THE CLIMAX...
I'M GONG TO BRING BACK
A FORMER PAWN OF MINE.
IT'S GOOD TO BE BACK
IN THE GAME AGAIN--
TO WITNESS THE GRAND
FINALE, THAT IS:
FEATURING ZORC,
THE DARK ONE,
IN HIS LONG-AWAITED RETURN,
AND THE PHARAOH
IN HIS FAREWELL PERFORMANCE!
[LAUGHING]
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
IT'S TIME TO DUEL!
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪
NOW THEN, WE HAVE SOME
CATCHING UP TO DO, HAVEN'T WE?
BUT WE DESTROYED YOU!
HE REGENERATED HIMSELF!
BUT HOW?
SOMEONE COULDN'T
HANDLE THE COMPETITION.
SO I NEEDED TO STEP
IN AND CORRECT THAT.
I JUST NEEDED A--
LET ME GUESS,
YOU JUST NEEDED
A "LITTLE MORE TIME,"
IS THAT IT?
I WAS CLOSE!
YES, CLOSE TO
BEING DEFEATED!
WHY DON'T YOU LET ME
FOCUS ON THE PHARAOH.
YOU HAVE OTHER
THINGS TO DO.
LIKE CONVINCING
THAT SON OF YOURS
TO PLEDGE HIS ALLEGIANCE
TO ZORC, THE DARK ONE!
YOU MUSTN'T
LISTEN TO THEM!
YOU BELONG
WITH US, SETO!
WHEN THE AGE OF SHADOWS
IS USHERED IN,
A NEW KING WILL BE NEEDED
TO RULE THE DARKNESS.
SOMEONE WHO POSSESSES
A GREAT POWER...
SOMEONE LIKE YOU!
[GASPS]
WHERE IS HE?
[MAN LAUGHING]
SETO!
ARE YOU OUT THERE?!
YOU HAVE BEEN CHOSEN
TO WIELD A POWER
THAT RIVALS THAT OF
THE EGYPTIAN GODS, SETO!
WHAT!?
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?!
IT LOOKS LIKE HIS MAJESTY
IS FEELING THREATENED
BY THE IDEA OF
BEING REPLACED
BY SOMEONE
MORE QUALIFIED...
SOMEONE WHO CONTROLS
THE BLUE-EYES WHITE DRAGON!
[CHUCKLES]
KISARA.
HE MEANS THAT
YOUNG GIRL!
YOU KNEW ABOUT THIS!?
YES.
RECENTLY,
SETO AND I
HAPPENED UPON
A PEASANT GIRL.
SHE HELD A POWER LIKE
NONE I'VE EVER SEEN.
MASTER SETO...
WAIT! WHAT'S THIS?!
THE POWER WITHIN HER--
IT'S TOO STRONG!
[GROANING]
WHOEVER THIS GIRL IS...
SHE POSSESSES
A POWERFUL GIFT.
OR PERHAPS
A POWERFUL CURSE.
EITHER WAY,
THIS FORCE MUSTN'T FALL
INTO THE WRONG HANDS!
OR ELSE WHAT?!
YOU MIGHT LOSE
YOUR CONTROL
OVER THE EGYPTIAN PEOPLE?
LOOK, THE FACT REMAINS
THAT ZORC IS ABOUT TO
RESURRECT AT ANY MOMENT
AND THERE'S NOTHING ANY OF
YOU CAN DO TO STOP HIM!
NOW, LET'S SEE IF SETO
IS INTELLIGENT ENOUGH
TO TAKE HIS
FATHER'S ADVICE
AND JOIN
THE WINNING SIDE
BEFORE THE GAME IS OVER!
[CHUCKLES]
LISTEN TO REASON!
IF YOU SIDE
WITH THE PHARAOH,
YOU'LL BE THROWING
AWAY YOUR FUTURE!
DON'T YOU SEE?
YOU WERE BORN
TO BE A LEADER!
YOU'RE RIGHT.
DON'T DO THIS, SETO!
SILENCE!
YOU HAVE BIGGER THINGS
TO WORRY ABOUT NOW!
DIABOUND, STRIKE
DOWN THE PHARAOH!
[ROARS]
[GRUNTING]
HE'S RETURNED!
THIS CAN'T BE!
DIABOUND'S
STONE TABLET
HAS ALREADY
BEEN DESTROYED!
YOU UNDERESTIMATE ME.
NOW THAT I HAVE ALL
THE MILLENNIUM ITEMS,
I NO LONGER NEED A TABLET
TO SUMMON DIABOUND.
AND WITH THE POWER
OF THESE TREASURES
COURSING THROUGH ITS VEINS,
MY DIABOUND IS
STRONGER THAN EVER!
[ROARS]
LOOK INTO MY EYE...
AND SEE YOUR DESTINY!
YOU SHALL BE KING!
DON'T LISTEN TO HIM!
YOU KNOW YOU
BELONG WITH US!
SHE'S RIGHT.
SETO, YOU'RE A MEMBER
OF THE 7 SACRED GUARDIANS
OF THE PHARAOH!
DON'T YOU REMEMBER
THE VOW THAT YOU TOOK?
IF YOU ACCEPT THE DARK
POWER OF THE SHADOWS,
YOU'LL BE MAKING
THE SAME MISTAKE
THAT YOUR FATHER MADE!
SETO, WAKE UP!
THEY'RE CONTROLLING YOU!
[GASPING]
[GROWLS]
SETO!
[LAUGHING]
STOP HIM!
[GROWLS]
SORRY, PHARAOH,
IT'S FAMILY ONLY!
BAKURA!
WHAT HAVE YOU
DONE WITH HIM!?
THE SAME THING I'M ABOUT
TO DO WITH THE STONE...
GET IT OUT OF YOUR REACH!
NO!
THE ITEMS!
SORRY, PHARAOH...
BUT I CAN'T TAKE ANY
MORE CHANCES NOW, CAN I--
NOT WITH ZORC'S
ARRIVAL SO NEAR!
[LAUGHING]
NOW WHAT?!
NOW OUR SHADOW GAME
IS AT A STANDSTILL.
SO, WE SIT AND WAIT
FOR ZORC TO ARRIVE
SO I CAN WIN.
AND IN THE MEANTIME...
I'VE DECIDED TO
HAVE A LITTLE FUN
WITH YOUR GAME PIECES.
[GROWLS]
IT SEEMS TO ME
THAT YOUR GUARDIANS
COULD USE SOME
TIME APART.
WHAT ARE YOU PLANNING
TO DO WITH THEM?!
DESTROY THEM...
ONE AT A TIME.
HUH?!
WHAT'S THE MEANING
OF THIS?!
HUH?!
[CHUCKLING]
WE'RE GOING TO
PLAY A LITTLE GAME
OF HIDE AND SEEK.
[LAUGHING]
[GRUNTS]
I JUST HAD
THE WEIRDEST DREAM.
[PEOPLE CLAMORING]
Man: I WOULD LIKE TO
PURCHASE 3 BASKETS.
Second man:
WONDERFUL MEATS.
Woman: HEADWEAR HERE!
THAT'S ODD.
WAIT! MAYBE THAT
WASN'T A DREAM!
[GRUNTING]
[SCREAMING]
HOLD ON.
THIS PLACE LOOKS FAMILIAR.
HUH?! OH!
[THINKING]
GREAT.
AND WOKE UP IN
SOME ODDBALL TOWN
THAT HASN'T CHANGED
IN 5,000 YEARS!
I'LL RACE YOU
TO THE NILE!
COME ON!
HUH?
HEY, YOU GOT
A HEAD START!
HEY, SLOW DOWN!
I'M NOT EVEN
RUNNING MY FASTEST!
THIS DOESN'T
MAKE ANY SENSE.
[PANTING]
THOSE KIDS PASSED
RIGHT THROUGH ME.
IT'S AS IF I
DON'T EXIST HERE.
Woman: SETO!
IS THAT YOU?!
HOLD ON.
YOU'RE NOT SETO.
HUH?
I MEAN...
YOU LOOK LIKE HIM...
WAIT!
I KNOW YOU!
YOU'RE THAT GIRL
I SAW IN MY VISION!
YOU'RE KISARA.
HMM.
BUT WHO'RE YOU?
AND WHY ARE YOU
DRESSED IN THOSE
STRANGE CLOTHES?
FIRST, I HAVE SOME
QUESTIONS FOR YOU.
LIKE WHERE ARE WE?
AND WHY ARE YOU THE ONLY
ONE WHO CAN SEE ME?!
AN EVIL FORCE IS
THREATENING OUR LAND.
WE MUST ACT QUICKLY
OR EVERYTHING
WILL BE LOST.
YOU EXPECT ME
TO BELIEVE THAT?!
YOU CAN BELIEVE WHAT
YOU WISH, SIR,
BUT THE DARKNESS
IS COMING,
AND I'VE GOT
TO WARN SETO!
FAREWELL,
STRANGER!
LOOKING FOR
YOUR FRIENDS?
YES!
TELL ME WHAT YOU'VE
DONE WITH THEM!
I BOUGHT SOME TIME.
HAVE A LOOK.
I'LL CLEAR THE AIR.
[GROWLS]
MASTER MAHAD?!
PHARAOH?!
WHERE ARE YOU?!
MASTER SHIMON,
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
I'M FINE.
BUT WHERE DO YOU
SUPPOSE WE ARE?
BAKURA!
THAT'S CHEATING!
NOT QUITE.
I MAKE THE RULES
IN THIS GAME!
AND THIS IS THE PART
WHERE WE WAIT FOR
THE GREAT ZORC
TO RESURRECT AND WATCH
YOUR FRIENDS SQUIRM!
SO, ENJOY THE SHOW!
I WON'T LET YOU WIN.
[CHUCKLES]
I'M AFRAID
I ALREADY HAVE.
HOW'D I GET OUT HERE?
[SIGHS]
SO WEIRD.
I WONDER WHERE
EVERYONE ELSE IS.
HUH?!
[SCREAMS]
I SMELL TROUBLE!
[ROARING]
NOW I HEAR TROUBLE!
ACCORDING TO BOBASA,
THE PHARAOH'S
REAL NAME
IS HIDDEN SOMEWHERE
IN THERE.
WELL, THEN LET'S
HEAD IN, GUYS.
I SAY LADIES FIRST.
Tea: OH, SO NOW
YOU DECIDE TO
BE A GENTLEMAN?
[THINKING]
I PROMISE WE WON'T
LET YOU DOWN, PHARAOH.
Joey: SO, UH, DID ANYONE
BRING A FLASHLIGHT?
MAHAD, ANY SIGN
OF THE OTHERS?
UNFORTUNATELY NOT,
MY KING.
VERY WELL.
THEY CAN'T
BE TOO FAR.
I'M SURE SEPARATING
US IS ALL PART OF
BAKURA'S PLAN
TO STALL FOR TIME.
[THINKING] YES.
BUT I HAVE A FEELING
HE'S DOING MORE
THAN JUST WAITING.
IF I KNOW BAKURA,
HE'S PLANNING TO
WEAKEN OUR DEFENSES...
SO WHEN ZORC ARRIVES,
HE'LL BE UNSTOPPABLE!
[BUZZING]
DO YOU HEAR THAT?
I DO.
WHAT IS IT?
EGYPT'S MOST
DEVASTATING PREDATOR.
OH, NO!
UH...HELLO?
ANYONE THERE?
[CRASH]
HUH?!
[ROAR]
SORRY I ASKED!
WHERE ARE WE?
KARIM!
THANK GOODNESS
YOU'RE AWAKE!
BUT HOW IS
THE PHARAOH?
YOU MUST MAKE
SURE HE'S ALL RIGHT.
[GRUNTS]
I'M NOT GOING
TO LEAVE YOU!
LOOK, ISIS.
I BARELY HAVE
ENOUGH ENERGY
TO SUMMON A MONSTER.
I'M OF NO USE TO
YOU RIGHT NOW.
BUT, KARIM--
PLEASE.
IT IS YOUR DUTY
TO PROTECT OUR KING!
[GASPS]
[LAUGHING]]
WHAT'S THE PROBLEM?
AM I STARTING
TO BUG YOU?
MAGICAL ORB, ATTACK!
[GRUNTS]
PHARAOH!
[GASPS]
FEAR NOT!
THERE ARE THOUSANDS
OF THEM!
BE GONE!
ONE BY ONE, YOUR
PRECIOUS GAME PIECES
ARE BEING CRUSHED,
PHARAOH.
[THINKING]
I'M RUNNING
OUT OF TIME!
AS BAKURA'S HOURGLASS
COUNTS DOWN
TO THE DESTRUCTION
OF EGYPT,
MY GUARDIANS
GROW WEAKER!
BEFORE LONG,
HE'LL HAVE SUCCEEDED
IN REWRITING HISTORY!
OH, WELL.
IF ONLY YOU
COULD REMEMBER
A LITTLE MORE
ABOUT YOUR PAST.
THEN YOU MIGHT KNOW
HOW YOU BEAT ME
THE FIRST TIME.
BUT, NO.
YOU HAD TO GO AND ERASE
YOUR OWN MEMORY--
GIVING ME THE CHANCE
TO DO WHAT I SHOULD
HAVE DONE AGES AGO...
DESTROY YOU!
[ROARS]
[SCREAMS]
[GRUNTING]
[ROARING]
MANA!
IT LOOKS LIKE YOUR FRIEND
COULD USE SOME HELP.
TOO BAD THERE'S
NO ONE AROUND FOR MILES.
[ROARS]
THINK YOU'RE SO TOUGH?
WELL, CHECK THIS OUT!
WELL DONE.
[CHUCKLES]
AS IF THAT'S
GOING TO HELP.
PLEASE.
SHE'S JUST
WASTING HER TIME...
AND MY TIME.
JUST TAKE A LOOK.
YOUR PATHETIC GUARDIANS
ARE EVEN MORE PATHETIC NOW
THAT I'VE ISOLATED THEM
FROM ONE ANOTHER.
[GROWLS]
THE ONLY QUESTION IS:
WHO WILL LOSE THEIR SOUL
TO THE SHADOWS FIRST?
ANY GUESSES?
COME ON.
IT'S A GAME.
YOU SHOULD TRY
AND HAVE FUN!
[LAUGHING]
[GRUNTING]
TWO-HEADED
JACKAL WARRIOR,
COME FORTH!
WELL DONE, SHADA.
THANK YOU.
BUT I FEAR YOU AND I
ARE NOT THE ONLY
ONES UNDER ATTACK.
YES.
LET US FIND
THE PHARAOH.
GO AHEAD.
I DARE YOU.
THOSE PAWNS OF YOURS
DON'T KNOW WHEN TO QUIT.
THEY'RE FRIENDS...
NOT PAWNS.
OF COURSE.
HOW VERY
INSENSITIVE OF ME.
I FORGOT HOW
MUCH YOU CARE.
[CHUCKLES]
IT'S REMARKABLE.
YOU DON'T REMEMBER THE FIRST
THING ABOUT THESE PEOPLE,
YET SOMEHOW YOU
FEEL COMPELLED
TO CALL THESE VIRTUAL
STRANGERS YOUR "FRIENDS."
MY ADVICE IS
LET THEM GO!
YOU WOULDN'T
UNDERSTAND IT.
YOU'VE NEVER HAD
A FRIEND IN YOUR LIFE.
I MAY NOT REMEMBER THEM,
BUT THERE IS
A BOND BETWEEN US
THAT'S LASTED
5,000 YEARS--
A BOND THAT CAN
NEVER BE BROKEN.
NEVER.
[GROWLING]
[GASPS]
NO, PLEASE.
ISIS!
TWO-HEADED
JACKAL WARRIOR?
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?!
ISIS!
IT'S US!
YOU ARRIVED
JUST IN TIME!
WHERE'S KARIM?
[SNARLS]
IF YOU 3 ARE HERE,
THEN WHO IS PROTECTING
THE PHARAOH?
DON'T WORRY,
WE SHALL FIND HIM.
SHADA...
PLEASE TAKE WHAT
IS LEFT OF MY POWER.
NO, WAIT!
PLEASE, BEFORE I ENTER
THE SHADOW REALM...
I WANT THE PHARAOH
TO HAVE MY STRENGTH.
VERY WELL.
TH-THANK YOU.
[SNARLS]
[GROANS]
KARIM...
YOUR STRENGTH MAY
HAVE SAVED OUR KING.
[SIGHS]
THIS ENDS NOW!
JACKAL WARRIOR,
TIME TO FINISH HIM OFF!
SHADA!
PHARAOH!
[GRUNTING]
HE'S ALL RIGHT.
MY KING...
I KNOW YOU'LL
DEFEAT BAKURA.
[GRUNTING]
AND THE DARKNESS OVER
EGYPT WILL BE NO MORE.
YES.
AND YOU'LL RETURN.
UNTIL THEN...
I WISH YOU ALL
THE BEST OF LUCK.
FAREWELL, MY FRIENDS.
FAREWELL.
KARIM!
[SOBBING]
I'VE SEEN ENOUGH.
PHARAOH!
[WHINNIES]
TIME TO PUT AN END
TO THIS MADNESS!
HASAN, STAY HERE
AND PROTECT THE OTHERS.
I'M GOING TO FIND SETO.
I WON'T ALLOW
ANOTHER FRIEND
TO FALL VICTIM
TO THE SHADOWS.
PHARAOH.
IF THAT IS YOUR WISH,
THEN I SHALL OBEY,
MY KING.
THAT IS MY WISH.
STAY STRONG,
MY FRIENDS.
HYAH!
Tea: CHECK IT OUT!
WE CAN'T PASS
THROUGH WALLS HERE.
Yugi: YEAH,
I'M NOT SURPRISED.
FROM WHAT
GRANDPA TOLD ME,
THE PHARAOH'S TOMB IS
PRETTY WELL-PROTECTED.
HE WAS HERE?
DID HE SAY WHAT
WAS INSIDE?
WELL...
THERE'S ONLY ONE
WAY TO FIND OUT!
JOEY, WAIT!
IT'S NOT THAT EASY!
[GASPS]
DID I MENTION
THAT THIS PLACE
IS LOADED
WITH TRAPS
TO KEEP OUT
INTRUDERS?
YOU COULD HAVE
TOLD ME SOONER!
HEY.
DID HE HAPPEN
TO MENTION
HOW WE'RE SUPPOSED TO
GET THROUGH THIS THING?
YUP.
I JUST HOPE I CAN
REMEMBER EVERYTHING.
Joey: ALL RIGHT.
SO, WHAT DID YOUR GRAMPS
SAY ABOUT THIS MAZE?
Yugi: WELL, YOU SEE
THOSE STATUES?
THEY'RE KIND OF LIKE...
ROBOTS.
Joey: RIGHT, ANCIENT
EGYPTIAN ROBOTS.
I SHOULD HAVE KNOWN.
HE ALSO SAID THAT
WHOEVER ENTERS
NEEDS TO SHOW
THEIR RESPECT--
JUST LIKE THE ANCIENT
EGYPTIANS DID.
TAKE A LOOK AT HOW THESE
STATUES ARE STANDING.
SEE HOW THEIR LEFT
FOOT IS FORWARD?
KNOW WHY?
IN THE OLD DAYS,
POINTING YOUR FOOT
TOWARDS THE PHARAOH
WAS A SIGN OF RESPECT.
WHAT'S YOUR POINT?
I GUESS WE SHOULD MOVE
WITH OUR LEFT FOOT FORWARD.
I GET IT!
JUST WALK LIKE
AN EGYPTIAN!
Yugi: THIS MUST BE
THE FINAL TEST.
Joey: WHAT HAPPENS HERE?
IF I REMEMBER
THE STORY RIGHT,
EACH ONE OF THESE
STONE TABLETS
HAS A MONSTER
LIVING INSIDE.
AND IF THEY SENSE FEAR,
THEY'LL ATTACK.
Joey: DID GRAMPS
MENTION A SHORTCUT?
Tea: YEAH...
AND PREFERABLY ONE
WITHOUT MONSTERS.
Joey: RINGING
ANY BELLS, YUG?
HMM!
YUGI!
Joey: CAREFUL!
DON'T WORRY!
THEY ONLY ATTACK
IF THEY SENSE FEAR.
AND WITH THE FATE
OF THE WHOLE WORLD
DEPENDING ON US,
I DON'T HAVE TIME
TO BE SCARED...
YOU KNOW WHAT
I MEAN, RIGHT?
NO CLUE.
BUT AS ALWAYS,
WE'RE RIGHT
BEHIND YOU, YUG!
YEAH!
THIS MUST BE
WHERE GRANDPA
FOUND THE MILLENNIUM PUZZLE.
Joey: UH, THERE'S
NOTHING HERE, PAL.
Tea: MAYBE THAT WRITING
CARVED ON THE WALL
HAS SOME CLUES.
THERE'S ONLY
ONE PROBLEM--
THIS EGYPTIAN IS
ALL GREEK TO ME!
NOW WHAT?
I'M NOT SURE.
MAYBE THERE'S
ANOTHER ROOM
THAT EVEN GRAMPS
COULDN'T FIND.
YEAH, BUT GOOD
LUCK FINDING IT.
WHAT?!
NO WAY!
[GASPS]
WE FOUND IT!
[THINKING]
EXCELLENT!
TOO BAD THESE FOOLS
WILL NEVER SEE
WHAT'S INSIDE!
[LAUGHING]